that's what it is you know it's a 2006
detail as you can see or whatever Namie
something like you know most people out
here in the hood don't fit bangs and E's
and I mean what I did I mean everybody
asked why you did it
it's my car you know y'all a little
short video something real quick nothing
too major as you can see I got the
Pioneer clip out in her everybody asks
how come each of the four face I will do
the four face you know I own this car
I'm gonna do something new you know the
football turn heads and I'm doing
something a little different
I my back so that's the flip ball right
there you could say as you can see it's
a caddy or whatever you know I mean let
me go back and uh show out a battery and
stuff right here you see that's the
yellow top hakama battery you know the
strongest right you can pipe it in the
car down below hold on we get it for
y'all you sit all right that's the
circuit breaker no we don't do fuses not
me do circuit breakers but all that for
you stuff up here as you can see are the
damn list I had four V's whatever the
case was and I mean my back two V's and
and I went do that type of cutting in
this type of car or whatever so I'm at
the four members plus you know I saw
this car I got worried about damaging
anything right here you set out to 15 by
to Orion this is the Memphis danger by
two and that's where they're banned this
very loud when we get to back hold on
you be see the over I only get it by the
look all right you can see that it's
still right d5000 don't gotta lie and
right here is the kinetic AC 1800 very
powerful hold on y'all little quick demo
real quick you take this CD out there's
a little quick video so you know I'll go
no Demming at all
and you know what bumps
oh here you go but there's a little
Wayne GZ track line let me set the car
up young man occasion haiku
go balls out
that was just a quick video was only
once and so we'll fuzz I'm trying to see
if you see the hottie I can't really see
what the silver is only on one so you
know that's just a little quick video to
show you that you know you can put it
being in the Caddy and my back you know
guy had a right power to write batteries
and you know it sound good you won't
mess up unless you own the car whatever
so I don't got beings in the Caddy
saying dumb for doing this you not dumb
I did it no cross about it the right way
you know so that's how you do it so you
must give me a little feedback all right
thanks